README.md, before:

## Hi there, I'm Isaac! 👋

I'm a third-year [Computer Science undergraduate](https://www.exeter.ac.uk/undergraduate/courses/computerscience/comsci/)
at the University of Exeter. For my sandwich placement year, I'm working at IBM as a back-end software engineer for the [Watson IoT Platform Team](https://internetofthings.ibmcloud.com/), developing
[Maximo Application Suite](https://www.ibm.com/uk-en/products/maximo).

If you'd like to contact me, feel free to message me on
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/isaaccheng9)! ✉️

## Skills

[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)
[![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Languages</th>
    </p>
    <td>Python, SQL, JavaScript, Java, C++, C</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Technologies</th>
    <td>Flask, pytest, SQLite, OpenAPI, PyQt5, Qt, pandas, NumPy, scikit-learn, Node.js, React
  </td>
  <tr>
    <th>Tools</th>
    <td>Git, Linux, MySQL, Kubernetes, Postman, Travis CI, GitHub Actions
  </td>
  </tr>
</table>

Commit message:

Update bio with project and internship

README.md, after:

## Hi there, I'm Isaac! 👋

I'm an incoming fourth-year [Computer Science undergraduate](https://www.exeter.ac.uk/undergraduate/courses/computerscience/comsci/)
at the University of Exeter, studying Machine Learning in Chess for my final
year project. Over the summer, I'm working as a quantitative developer at
T. Rowe Price.

If you'd like to contact me, feel free to message me on
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/isaaccheng9)! ✉️

## Skills

[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)
[![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Languages</th>
    </p>
    <td>Python, SQL, JavaScript, Java, C++, C</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Technologies</th>
    <td>Flask, pytest, SQLite, OpenAPI, PyQt5, Qt, pandas, NumPy, scikit-learn, Node.js, React
  </td>
  <tr>
    <th>Tools</th>
    <td>Git, Linux, MySQL, Kubernetes, Postman, Travis CI, GitHub Actions
  </td>
  </tr>
</table>
